Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
People say Ferdy Blake's a wild man.
But beneath that macho exterior. all I
can see is a total charmer.
I never got invited to anything when I
was just a dog walker.
I guess this makes us Marlowe VIPs.
What even happens at a book launch?
We'll find out soon enough.
For free?
I'd have to take a second mortgage to
afford that place.
Well. the prices are a bit eye
-watering.
But I do admire his... Plant -to -plate
ethos. Everything locally sourced
wherever possible.
And I admire his rugged good looks.
Shouldn't Bex be here by now?
I said we'd pick her up. She needs
rescuing for my monster -in -law. Ah.
The infamous Marion.
Oh. more convenient dinners. Rebecca.
You'll need a bigger freezer soon.
I hope you got level.
In my day. Colin was used to cordon bleu
dinner.
Cooked by our au pair. who happen to be
French.
Not always. darling.
We're both very busy. so any time you
want to help.
Well. I'd love to. but I'm still so
fragile since your father passed on.
He's not dead. Mother.
He's in Frinton -on -Sea with a new
woman.
Never been happier.
I need ice. Colin.
What have you got there?
Pants. Chef.
I asked for knives.
When I ask for knives. I want knives!
Sorry. Chef!
I managed to forage some ground elder
and lesser napweed. but no meadow sweet.
Chef. I don't like the word no. Amari.
Are you going to explain to our honoured
guests that the garnish is ruined
because you just couldn't be bothered?
No. Chef.
How many times do I have to tell you
all?
In the pursuit of perfection. precision
is everything.
Say it!
Precision is everything. sir.
Listen.
I'll say this because no one else will.
I hope you're going to be more charming
to our guests than you've been to the
staff.
You're out of control. Ferdy.
No. you know me. Isla. I can turn on
when I need to.
Oh. whatever you're selling. we don't
want it.
We're here to pick up Bec.
Rebecca?
Got to go. Church meeting.
What about dinner?
Well. you could surprise Colin with one
of your cordon bleu feasts. for old
time's sake.
Quick. before she comes after me.
You've got to try one.
It's Ferdy Blake's signature cocktail.
That devil's breath. How delightfully
botanical. It's even got a flower in it.
It's a nasturtium. It looks more like a
science experiment than a drink.
I think I'll stick to the champagne.
Thanks. Oh. I love her.
Everyone's ready. chef.
Start the countdown.
Where's my blue steel?
Even DPI Greenlee is here.
I cannot tell you what a relief it is to
get away from the vicarage. Marion does
seem rather... Awful?
She was supposed to stay for a couple of
days. but it's been two weeks now.
Another one of these and you'll forget
all about it.
I think it'll take more than that.
Susie. you've been doing life coaching
lessons.
Any strategies that might help?
Judith. I'm only halfway through the
course.
But we did learn last week that it is
better to identify solutions rather than
focus on the problems themselves. I fear
that Marion is a problem without a
solution. Oh. there's always a solution.
Bec. It'll come to you.
Starting.
Excuse me.
Are you okay?
I think I need to get out of here.
And here he is. the man of the moment.
Mr.
Bernie Blake.
Where is he?
Ferdy?
Everyone's waiting. What's happening?
There you are.
Did you hear that scream?
What's going on?
Ferdy Blake's been murdered.
Nobody has been allowed into the area
where the body was found.
Forensics? On their way. Who found the
body?
Isla D'Souza.
Ferdy Blake's ex -wife and sous chef.
The man with her is Damon Grady. and he
was running the event front of house.
It's your scene now. DI Malik. Thank
you. Mum.
Officers are waiting to take your
statements. so thank you for your
If you want to go over there and you
guys... Oh.
here they come.
Aspectors at the feast.
Oh. I had no idea you were familiar with
Shakespeare. Brendan.
Well. there's a lot you don't know about
me. Mrs. Potts. Like your secret dating
life? Becks.
Sorry.
Any news on that front?
No.
I'm taking a break.
Yeah. all the women I've met have turned
out to be complete nutjobs.
Present company accepted.
Oh. thank you.
I think.
Looks like I'm needed.
Can you explain exactly what happened.
Mr. Caesar?
We were all at our stations. ready to
go.
Ferdy realized his blue steel knife was
missing. He stormed off to get it.
When he didn't come back. I went to see
what was going on.
That's when I found him.
On the floor.
The knife in his chest.
Was anyone with him?
Carl Murthon. the kitchen porter. was at
the sink.
Headphones on.
He only turned round when I started
screaming.
Where were you at the time. Mr Grady?
We were all waiting in the dining room
for Ferdy's big entrance.
The clock counted down to zero. but he
didn't appear.
Then I heard a scream. I went back of
house and saw Isla and Cal with Ferdy's
body in the wash area.
And where is he now?
He's in the staff room. I think he's in
shock.
I'll go and talk to him. go.
It's this way.
Forensics have arrived.
Damon Grady said they were all waiting
for Ferdy in the dining room.
But he wasn't.
When I went outside. he passed me on his
way back in.
Why absent himself at such a critical
moment?
And why lie about it?
According to the pathologist. the
bleeding's mostly internal.
So no trail. no footprints. but there is
a £50 note.
Cal Merson's completely shut down. We're
not going to get anything out of him
tonight. Damon Grady's off to take him
home.
We'll need to follow up both of them
first thing.
Our main focus has to be on the staff.
If anyone else had been in this area.
they'd have stuck out like a sore thumb.
Why kill him at such a public event. on
the night that he's the centre of
attention? Maybe they got off on the
thrill of being caught.
All thought they had no choice.
Freddie Blake had to die tonight.
And why the £50 note?
Must be a message of some kind.
Well. whatever the meaning.
The public nature of the murder and the
risk our killer took shows how desperate
they were.
So. I walked over here.
Then I saw Damon Grady go back inside.
And that's when you heard the scream?
Yeah.
Sounded like it was coming from the back
of the building.
So I walked round that side to see what
was going on. and that's where you found
me. I suggest we split up.
and take a closer look around this area.
For what?
I'm not entirely sure.
We've collected all the guest details
and sent them home. The kitchen brigade
all say they're at their stations at the
time of the murder. According to them.
the only people whose whereabouts aren't
accounted for are Damon Grady. Isla
D'Souza and Cal Merson.
And there's the kitchen gardener. Amari
Joseph. but they said he left 20 minutes
before the murder.
Oh. the lookout.
Sherlock strikes again.
This is your last warning.
Justice will finally be served.
Hey. Judith.
Door's open.
I let Luna out into the garden. Yeah.
that's fine.
Bex should be here soon.
Who's been sending you fancy letters?
Oh. it's an old school friend. Matthew
Cartwright. I haven't seen him in years.
He retired early to the South of France.
and it seems his wife died recently.
and he's spending the summer in Marlow.
What is game. then?
Matthew was always a quiet. unassuming
man.
He must be lonely with his wife gone.
Uh -oh. What's Marion done now? Last
night. she took the whole family out for
champagne dinner at Lugano's.
She's never even bought me a sandwich.
But don't let it get to you. We'll find
a solution.
In the meantime. we have to work out who
killed Ferdy Blake.
I know it's hard to believe. but I swear
to God... I didn't see or hear
anything. How is that possible?
It happened right behind you.
Cos when I'm at work. I wear noise
-cancelling headphones. play really loud
music to shut everything out. but
eyelids scream. cut through it all.
Tell us about your relationship with
Ferdy Blake.
Tell him the truth. Cal.
You've got nothing to be ashamed of now.
He enjoyed humiliating people who worked
for him.
Last night. he tore into Isla for
messing up the sauce and then Omari for
getting the herbs that he wanted.
And then I overheard him threatening to
fire Damon.
Why would anyone put up with it?
Well. the Brigade all thought that he
was a genius.
Working for him was good for their
career. but for me. well. it was the
I could get.
Why is that. Mr Merton?
I had some problems with addiction.
I lost my job. the house. everything.
Thank God Nicky managed to get me into
rehab.
But after that. I couldn't even get a
reference.
So when Ferdy offered to take me on. I
was so grateful.
Do you have any idea why we found a £50
note on his body?
No.
No. he's a wealthy man.
Kind of money wouldn't have meant much
to him.
And what about the threatening letter we
found in his car?
Do you know anything about that?
No. Ferdy was an abusive bully whose
behaviour would make anyone want to kill
him.
This sounds awful. but I'm glad he's
dead.
No. Nicky. she don't mean that. I mean
every word of it.
He went out of his way to torment my
husband.
Where were you when it happened. Mrs
Merson?
Here. I called Cal just to check he was
coping OK. Something I always did before
service. He didn't pick up. so I left
him a message.
It all kicked off by then. so I just
sent her a text to let her know that I
OK.
Gov. Brendan and Jason are back at
Gastronomy.
The preliminary search of the building
is complete. They want to know our ETA.
OK.
We'll get that all checked out. but if
you remember anything else...
Hold this number.
I was in no fit date to drive last
night. so my car's still at the
don't suppose you'd be able to give us a
lift?
Sure.
Found anything?
Just a few faggons and a takeaway box.
Tell you what. I'd be ordering in if I
had to eat the nonsense they serve here.
Have you seen the menu?
Sweetbreads and nettle sauce.
Dandelion and mealworm ice cream. Ice
cream.
And the prices. Talk about Emperor's new
clothes. You're so wrong. Brendan.
Ferdy Blake was a genius.
Is this a wind -up?
No. I had a table booked next week. I've
been on the waiting list for months.
I'm absolutely gutted.
You had a lucky escape. mate. You think
trying a different brand of ketchup is
being adventurous.
I need to re -educate you.
Yeah.
Good luck with that. mate.
What have you got?
Uh. old take -away box. neoprene glove.
the usual fag ends and cams. Probably
just rubbish. but you never know.
Any progress here?
Forensics say the only prints on the
knife were Ferdy Blake's.
Did you get anywhere with Cal Merson?
Only that he overheard the victim
threaten to fire Damon Grady.
Oh. well. Mr Grady's supposed to be here
giving us a witness statement.
He's already over an hour late. I'm not
picking up his phone.
Check out his home address.
Mr Sousa's in the office. Gov. and she
is refusing to leave.
Hello. Beth.
Sorry to startle you. We're civilian
advisors supporting the police
investigation. Is there anything we can
help you with?
No.
I'd lost my khakis. I must have dropped
them on my frag break or something.
Oh. I'm going to have to... That was a
bit odd.
Very odd indeed.
Let's take a look.
I can't see anything.
Me neither.
But I can.
Those flowers on the ground.
An assertion from the cocktails last
night.
There were no guests outside.
So how did they end up here?
You can't continue to work here. Mr.
Sousa. But there's so much to do. And as
you can see. Ferdy was a chaotic mess.
We're very sorry for your loss. but this
is still an active crime scene. I don't
need your condolences. D .I. Malik.
I lost Ferdy long before the divorce.
And as you've no doubt gathered. he was
an extremely difficult man.
But you carried on working together.
Half the business is mine.
Ferdy was desperate to buy me out. but I
wouldn't give him the satisfaction.
Not after everything you put me through.
So relations between you were strained.
Well. that's a polite way of putting it.
Ferdy could never love anyone but
himself.
If I can't be useful here. I suppose I'd
better go home. A threatening letter
was found in Mr Blake's car.
Do you know anything about that?
No.
Ferdy didn't confide in me about
anything.
Is there a safe in here?
In that cupboard. but it's just work
stuff.
We'll need the keys to it. They're just
there.
She seems remarkably unaffected by her
ex -husband's death.
Yeah. didn't she?
This would be the perfect escape route
for our killer.
Shh. someone's coming.
I know.
But the police are still here sticking
their noses into everything.
Best if I come to you. Usual place. five
minutes.
What does Isla D'Souza need to handle?
And who's she planning to meet?
We're not going to find out by standing
around here. are we?
What have you got? So far. just...
Restaurant contract.
Deeds for this place.
Done.
Look at this.
More threats.
Looks like the same handwriting as the
note Judith found.
Get into forensics.
The kitchen gardener.
I recognise him from the star
photograph.
His bio says he runs the foraging course
in the word.
They work together.
So why the secret assignation?
Maybe Amari killed Ferdy as some sort of
favour to Isla. And now they're having
some sort of debrief.
Do you think he'd do the same for me?
Turns out Marian didn't pay for dinner.
Colin and I did.
She's convinced Colin she'll pay us
back. but she never does. You've got to
me. Susie.
I did this lecture in week two about
removing toxic people from your life.
You need to focus on setting clear
boundaries. prioritise your wellbeing.
gradually reduce contact.
But how can I do that? She's living in
my house.
Yeah. I see your point.
Luna. are you all right. girl?
Luna! Luna. come back here now!
Luna!
Don't understand it. Luna is not a
bolter.
And she's got brilliant recall.
Oh.
Sounds like she's this way somewhere.
Come on.
What about that sign?
What sign?
She's closer.
Definitely. It's okay. girl. We're
coming.
It's all right. Luna.
I'm coming. girl. Oi! Stop!
For God's sake!
Oh. no.
I am so. so sorry.
We'll pay for any damage.
There's no point.
It's too late in the season.
Luna! Good girl. Get up. Come on.
She's not normally like this.
Have you got any food stored in here or
in the woods?
Cheese. maybe.
Luna loves cheese.
No. nothing like that.
I'm so sorry we've caused you...
Even more upset after last night's
terrible event.
We were guests at the book launch.
Must have been a dreadful shock.
I still can't believe it.
You must have worked very closely
together.
We did.
The relationship between chef and
kitchen gardener was at the heart of
Gastronomy's menu.
But from what I hear. Mr Blake could
also be quite difficult at times.
Great chefs like him are always
perfectionists.
Volatile in the heat of service.
I rarely saw that side of him. So
rumours about him being a bit of a
aren't true?
It was always good to me.
How are the rest of the staff taking it?
I don't know. I haven't seen anyone
since it happened.
Please. let me help you with this. Thank
you.
I'd rather be alone.
I'm very sorry.
Luna!
Sounds like Ferdy Blake was charismatic.
but a nightmare to work with. A man
with more enemies than friends.
We heard that last night he had
altercations with Isla D'Souza. Cal
Amari Joseph and Damon Grady.
Any news on the elusive Mr Grady?
Well. we went to his house. but no joy.
So I've bought his phone records to see
if we can track him down. What do we
have on him?
Background checks show he's an ex
-offender on a return to work placement
scheme. He's got form for burglary and
fraud. but nothing with violence.
But from what we've heard. Ferdy Blake's
behaviour could make anyone turn into a
cold -blooded killer.
Vicky Merson would agree.
She called Ferdy an abusive bully.
Seemed happy he was dead.
Her claim that she spoke to Cal Merson
at Gastronomy checks out.
Her call came from their home phone.
nine minutes after Ferdy Blake's murder.
The Mersons live 30 minutes' drive away.
She couldn't have been there.
What have we got on Isla de Sousa? There
is an interesting clause in their
divorce settlement.
If one of them dies. the business
automatically reverts to the other
So Ferdy's demise was very much to her
advantage.
After she left you. we overheard her
arranging to meet someone.
It all seemed a bit underhand. so we
followed her into the woods.
She told us she was going home. Who did
she meet?
Amari Joseph.
Could you hear anything?
No. but we managed to speak to him in
the kitchen garden.
He seemed positive about his
relationship with Ferdy. But based on
else says...
That seems unlikely.
He also claimed he hadn't seen anyone
from gastronomy since the murder. which
know was a lie.
We need to focus on the message behind
the £50 note.
It proves the murder was premeditated.
I think you should all see this.
It's just gone live on the tabloid
website.
You know how much I love this van. don't
you?
Yes. Chef. And I've asked you very
nicely to take extra special care of it.
Yes. Chef.
And why haven't you?
Look at this. Sorry. Chef. I managed to
think of what happened again. Yeah?
Oh.
Do them again. just to make sure.
We need to work out where that video
came from and why Amari Joseph is lying
about meeting Isla D'Souza.
I reckon it's time we paid both of them
a visit.
I've just had the tabloid editor on the
phone. He claims we're putting undue
pressure on them to reveal their
sources.
We really need that information.
Well. we can keep trying. but the press
always dig their heels in.
Which reminds me. remember to get your
profile booked in.
Mum.
Are you all right. Tanika?
The Bucks Chronicle are trying to
arrange a time for an interview.
They want me to talk about my life away
from work.
Why would anyone be interested?
Because you're a successful.
multitasking woman who's so much more
title. Susie started a life coaching
course.
Seems she's got quite a flair for it. I
haven't been doing it for that long.
I mean. I've still got a lot to learn. I
need all the help I can get. Oh. go on.
Give it a go.
Well. if you're up for it. I could try.
Yeah. sounds good.
I'd better go. Alice is waiting.
I suppose that leaves us with Damon.
If he's an ex -offender. he might be
avoiding the police out of fear or lack
trust. Or because he's guilty as hell.
Well. either way. maybe we'll have more
luck talking to him.
Who was the last person to see him?
Oh. Cal Murthon.
Damon gave him a lift home last night.
So they must be good friends if Damon's
the person Cal turned to in his hour of
need. Yes.
Shall we?
Mr. Joseph. D .S. Perry.
How can I help?
We've been asked to search the
gastronomy estate.
I've already told you everything I know.
Not quite. A clause in your divorce
agreement has come to our attention. and
quote. ownership of the business
automatically reverts to the other
death. This gives you motive.
Might you tell us?
Because it's none of your business. You
already stated that relations between
you and the victim were strained. and
now it's clear you had a lot to gain
his death. As he would from mine.
But I didn't kill him.
Let's talk about your relationship with
Amari Joseph.
What relationship?
He's just an employee.
When's the last time you spoke to him?
This morning. after I seen you.
You told us you were going home.
I changed my mind.
I knew he'd be worried about his future.
I went to tell him his job was safe.
that when we're able to reopen. he would
still be a part of it.
I've spent years building the gastronomy
brand.
I refuse to let it die along with Ferdy.
Good morning. Mr. Manson.
Just thought we'd follow up and see how
you're doing.
Must have been...
Pretty traumatic. being there when it
happened and not seeing anything.
Was. yeah.
I was hoping I might take my mind off
it. going through all this old stuff.
Need to make a fresh start.
There was one thing you might be able to
help us with.
The police are looking for Damon Grady.
We believe he dropped you home last
night.
There's no way he's involved.
Damon wouldn't hurt anyone. I'm sure
you're right.
But we know he's been in trouble before
and he has questions to answer.
If he keeps hiding from the police. then
he might breach the conditions of his
release.
If Damon needs to clear his head. he
goes fishing on the river.
Down near Umpden's Marina.
Thank you.
I'm pretty sure that's him.
I can't take ages to walk all the way
around to him.
I'm sure you don't need some sort of
qualification to take this down.
Any idiot can hire one. The equivalent
of a bumper car on water.
Just go easy on the bumper. Bex. I'm
feeling a bit queasy.
Mr. Grady?
Why are you lot sitting over here?
The police are trying to contact you.
Bex? Just give me a minute.
You agreed to meet them at the
restaurant this morning? Yeah. well. I
to do. didn't I?
Looked like it. Come on. mate.
What's going on? What are you doing?
I'm trying my best. Take it gently.
Beth.
Hold on.
You do know that if you push the lever
up. you'll put it in neutral?
Look. whatever I say. the police won't
believe me. So what's the point? Why
should they believe you? You've already
lied to them. You said you were front of
house when Ferdy Blake was murdered. But
I saw you walk back in.
Just after it happened.
Well. I needed some air.
Doesn't mean I topped him. does it?
You must have felt like it sometimes.
No. never.
Those rants never got to you.
They got to everyone else.
I've dealt with far worse than Ferdy
inside.
It's water for ducks back.
We heard he threatened to fire you last
night.
What was that about?
It was just Ferdy being Ferdy. Five
minutes later. he'd be fine.
But five minutes later. he was dead.
Sorry.
I can't help you. You need to talk to
the police. Damon.
You have my word they'll give you a fair
hearing. Just leave me.
Go.
Almost done. Mr Joseph.
If there's anything I can help you with.
let me know.
Well. we need you to account for your
movements from yesterday evening.
I delivered some produce to the kitchen
and then came back here. that's it.
And you haven't seen anyone from
gastronomy since the murder?
No. no one.
You sure about that?
Because we have some witnesses that saw
you earlier today with Isla de Souza.
Oh. yes. I forgot. I just bumped into
her.
In the middle of the woods.
Ferdy Blake was receiving a series of
threatening notes. and earlier today
someone uploaded a video online that
wasn't very flattering. to say the
We reckon the person behind it worked
for Gastronomy. Any idea who that might
be?
Sorry. I can't help but keep myself to
myself.
My number. in case there's anything else
you've forgotten.
Hello?
Look at this.
Turns out Amari changed his surname from
Laurent to Joseph just before he
started work at Gastronomy.
Why would he do that?
Any news about your old boyfriend?
Matthew was never a boyfriend.
Who's Matthew?
Some rich bloke from the south of France
who's coming all the way to Marlow to
see Judith. even though she's already
got the professor on the go. I do not
anyone on the go.
And we're not here to discuss the
complications of my private life. We're
to talk about the case.
I like talking about your complications.
No millionaires ever turn up on my
doorstep.
Oh. it's from Brendan.
Damon is at the station now.
It seems our bankside intervention got
through to him.
So these are our key suspects.
Damon's been hiding from the police.
Isla's been in secret conversations with
Omari.
And the video demonstrates the extreme
bullying Cal had to endure.
So they all had a motive. And they all
had opportunity.
I think it's time for some thinking
outside the box.
Go.
Well. what did Mr Grady have to say for
himself?
Well. he apologised for giving us the
runaround. claimed that he freaked out
because of his past record. thought we'd
assume he'd done it. and he point
-blank denied any involvement in the
murder of Ferdy Blake or the videos.
Do you believe him? Without any
evidence. we've no choice for now.
I did some digging into Amari Joseph.
formerly known as Amari LaRonde.
Jackson LaRonde worked with Ferdy Blake
at his first restaurant. Synthesis.
Turns out. he's Amari's dad.
Is he now?
What do we know about him? Only that he
left under a cloud.
But that's got to be more than a
coincidence. surely.
Great work. Jason. Keep digging.
What about the threatening letters.
Alice?
We got the report back from the forensic
document examiner. There were no
fingerprints. but they did find a hair.
Why did you tell those women where I
was?
You not talking to police was making
things worse. We can end up back inside.
Look. from now on. we keep our heads
down and our mouths shut. Got it?
Are you coming or what?
Are you sure we really have time for
this. Judith?
Croquet requires extreme concentration.
which allows the creative part of the
brain to roam free.
At the end of the day. it's just hitting
a ball through a hoop.
Oh. it's far more than that. Susie.
Croquet is about outsmarting your
opponent at every turn.
It's a strategy we employ every time we
solve the case. But when everyone has
means. motive and opportunity. how do we
get to the truth?
Luna definitely picked up a scent in
Amari's garden. But if it wasn't cheese.
what was it?
The croquet is doing its job. You're
thinking outside the box.
Before Iqbal had her. Luna was selected
for training as an airport sniffer dog.
But she couldn't handle the engine
noise. We found her in the kitchen
but the scent that she originally
followed was in the woods.
It's from Tanika.
A hair found on the threatening notes
has been identified as a boar bristle.
Luna was trying to tell us something.
Yeah. but what?
I don't get it.
But the answer to this puzzle lies
somewhere in those woods.
Right.
I win.
I'll see you tomorrow morning. Not for
very much. please.
Wear outdoor clothes and bring Luna.
We're going foraging.
Tudor! Darling!
How wonderful to see you again after all
this time.
Thank you.
Is it you? Well. I have changed somewhat
since we last met. For the better. I
hope. You did get my note.
I did. but I had no idea your visit was
imminent.
I'm a man of impulse. Judith.
When I want something. I go for it.
Hence the remarkable success of my
business ventures.
The thing is. Matthew. I was just about
to leave.
Well. can't you get out of it?
I want to see as much of you as I
possibly can.
Starting now.
Girl. Ferdie Blake's bank records flag
up something interesting.
Regular withdrawals of large amounts of
cash over the past six months.
increasing in size.
You think it connects with the money
pinned to his body? Could do. And no one
uses cash anymore unless it's for
something dodgy.
Speak to the staff. his suppliers.
Did anyone see Ferdie Blake flashing the
cash?
Someone must know what the money was
for.
Can you believe it's over 40 years since
our halcyon school days?
You with your long. flaming red hair.
You're always such a beauty.
Not so long or flaming now. but thank
you.
I thought I heard voices.
Darius. you're back.
Yeah. finally.
I thought I'd call in to tell you all
about the Welsh dig.
Right. but your timing is a little off.
I'm afraid. Judith and I were just
enjoying and...
Intimate tête -à -tête after many years
apart.
I'm sure you understand.
Yes. of course.
I'll leave you to it. No. do stay.
You've come all this way.
No. honestly. it's fine.
My chat can wait.
Please.
I'll call you.
Now. where were we?
Well. perhaps we should speak over
lunch.
As I've said. there's somewhere I need
to be.
All right. well. what about dinner
tomorrow night. then? We can celebrate
reunion with champagne.
Fine.
It's so kind of you to arrange this at
such short notice.
And don't worry. no dog this time.
Good.
Follow me.
Foraging is the act of searching for and
collecting wild edible plants. fungi.
and other resources from the natural
environment.
This way.
This is near to where Luna bolted the
last time. Time to activate for his one.
Roger that.
Oh. I'm so sorry. I need to call my
daughter.
I'll catch you up.
Follow me.
Hi. Zeta.
What's the problem?
Oh. not again.
This is pineapple weed. also known as
wild chamomile. It can be infused to
tea. but the fresh flower heads can also
be eaten raw.
The heads look like tiny pineapples.
Hence the name.
I do. yes.
Text to Nick.
There you go.
They smell like pineapple too.
Oh.
I thought you said the dog wasn't here.
I don't know what happened.
I'm so sorry. Mr Joseph.
Have to stop.
Go on. girl.
From back.
Looks like our boar brittle could have
come from the brush on Amari Joseph's
foraging knife.
Makes sense. Gav.
The forensics just ID'd the ink used in
the note. It's UV and water resistant.
typically used in garden marker pens.
They're with him now in the middle of
the woods somewhere. We need to get to
them.
Where is it. Luna?
What have you found?
Luna? What is it. Luna? What have you
got?
Put that down.
Police! Police!
You okay. Susie?
Are you sure you're all right. Susie?
Yeah.
We are now.
Well. there you go.
Impressive work.
A little too risky for my liking. but we
got a result.
Detective Luna was the real hero of the
hour.
Thank you. Luna.
Dear Malik. we're on our way.
We need to get back to the restaurant.
Now.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm